Okay I got an assignment for you in this
chapter, what we want to do is add in a
Publisher entity. Right now the Book
entity has publisher as a string so
we're going to valve our data model
here to have a publisher and on that
entity I want you to add a publisher
name and address attributes like address
line one, city, state and then we're
going to remove the string from the Book
entity and we'll add in the Publisher as
a regular property and we'll add in
getters and setters and then we'll use
the JPA one-to-one relationship and
then we also need to add in a publisher
repository for Spring Data JPA and next
I want you to modify the dev Bootstrap
class to populate the Publisher and Book
entity so what you'll want to do is
create the Publisher first save it and
then assign it to a Book and then save
that and then I want you to go in start
up Spring and go into the h2 database
and inspect your results. Now in
the next video that we'll go in and I
will step through this step by step so
if you're a little worried about using a
new annotation for JPA and you get lost
a little bit don't worry in the next
video I will go through step by step of
creating this Publisher entity and show
you my results in the h2 database
console.